Join us for worship!
Sundays at 11 am

매주 일요일 오전11시에 저희와 함깨 예배드리러 오세요.

Through worship, Bible Study & accountability,
we strive to provide an environment for our children and youth to experience the grace of God. 
In addition, we aim to serve parents and entire families as well.    
어린이들과 청소년들이 가족들과 함께 예배와 성경공부를 통해 하나님의 은혜를 경험할수있는 환경을 제공하겠습니다.
우리는 부모와 가족 전체뿐만 아니라 서비스를 제공하는 것을 목표로하고 있습니다.


저희 교회의 교육부서는 어린이들과 청소년을 포함한, 가족을위한 XX (Ministry) 입니다.
More than just a children and youth ministry, our Christian Education department is a family ministry

---

주일예배 (첫예배)
----

Sunday Worship (1st Service)

유아 예배실(유아실 건물)

Nursery Worship Room (in Nursery Building)


유치부 예배실(유치부 건물)
Kindergarden Worship Room (in Kindergarden Building)


주일 성경공부 (#302호 교실)
Sunday Bible Study (Classroom #302)


금요일밤 성경공부
Friday Night Bible Study


초등부 예배/게임 (식당)
Elementary Worship Room
Game Time (Cafeteria)


안내서 시간 (교실)
Handbook Time (Classrooms)


이사회 모임 (성가대실)
Council Time (Choir Room)


중등부 예배실
Junior High Worship Room


고등부 예배실
High School Worship Room

-------



유아실
Nursery


유치부
Kindergarten


초등부
Elementary


중등부
Junior High


고등부
High School


한국어 학교
Korean School



홈
Home


부서
Departments


직원들
Staff



Forms

Contact Us


일정
Schedule of Events

-------



The Nursery department at LACPC envisions a children's ministry that follows the overarching theme of the education department, "Father's House." 

Through nursery department's worship, gudance, and nuturing, we hope to restablish the following:

우리 어린이들의 영적 삶을 풍요롭게하는 가족예배와 서로간의 소통
1. Family worships and communication with families that will enrich the spiritual lives of our young children.


주님의 사랑을 향상하는 가족방문
2. Family visitations that will enhance the love of God.


다문화 어린이들과 가족들의 수용
3. Revival and acceptance of multicultural children and families.


As a goal, let children grow in the Lord Jesus Christ, building the image of God through the "Word of God." Becoming disciples of Jesus in the joy of worshipping God as well as becoming evangelists of Jesus in Children's lives. For families, Christian education builds up in a family and provide parents with training opportunities and teaching materials to be active ministry supporters.

Elementary Department's vision and goal is to start children off on their journey of faith through: 


하나님께 더 가까이가고, 배우고자하는 자발적 정신 (재미위주의 예배, 성경공부, 행사참여)
1. Fostering a joy and desire to lean about God (fun and engaging worship, bible studies, and events) 
기본적인 기독교 학문 구현 (기도, 명상, 성경읽기)
2. Implementing the basic Christian disciplines (prayer, quiet time, bible reading) 

건강한 신앙생활을 위한 격려 (행동으로 옮기기)
3. Encouraging an active Christian lifestyle (knowledge into action)



We belong to God and belonging to God is the greatest blessing and encouragement that anyone can have. 
Being His is a great blessing but another aspect of being His is to live and die for Him. 
Our lives belong to Him therfore we should live our lives accodring to His will.


Our mission is to help take the next step in their spiritual lives and grown in maturity in their relationship with Jesus. 
The high school years are a challenging time when sudents have so many other activities competing for their time and energy, and we emphasize prioritizing their personal relationship with Jesus amidst all of the busyness in their lives. 
Students are encouraged to go beyond a simple emotional relationship with God and have a relationship marked by spiritual discipline and obedience.

Nursery of Overflowing Love
Grown in Christ, as God's Children
Live for the Lord, for we are His

-------



직원들 만나기
Meet the Staff



기독교 교육 원장
Director of Christian Education, 

중등부 목사
Interim Junior High Pastor


Elder of Christian Education


서기
Secretary

Finance Deacon


고등부 목사
High School Pastor


초등부 목사
Elementary Pastor


유치부 목사
Kindergarten Pastor


유아실 목사
Nursery Pastor


Bio forthcoming


Joseph is happily married to Joyce, the woman of his dreams. 
He has a bachelor’s degree in civil engineering and a Master of Divinity degree and was called into vocational ministry in 2004. He began serving at LACPC as a high school pastor in December 2006 and by God’s grace is currently serving as the director of Christian Education.

Andrew has been attending LACPC ever since he was a high school freshman. He got his bachelor’s degree from UC Irvine and a Masters in Pastoral Studies from Azusa Pacific University. He has been serving as the high school pastor since May of last year and also works full time as a high school English teacher.

Born and raised in Los Angeles, Boram has a BA in cognitive psychology, a multiple subjects credential, and a master’s degree in teaching. She began seminary in January 2013 at Azusa Pacific University where she is studying to obtain an MA in pastoral studies with an emphasis is youth and family ministry. Her passion is to serve and train young children so that they can develop a solid relationship with God.

Sheen Hong is a loving mother of two children, Karis and Jin-Sung, and happy wife of Joshua, husband and a Chaplain. She has a bachelor’s degree in Christian education and Master of Arts degree in Christian Education. She was called into Children’s ministry in 2009. She began serving at LACPC as a Kindergarten pastor in December 2015.

Jessica Won is married to Peter Won and has twin boys and a girl. She has a degree of Child Development from Patten University and currently working on M.Div. from Azusa University. She loves to share gospel to children and now oversees the nursery department.

-------

Download forms and documentation here:
Medical release form
Photograph release form

-------

For more information, you can contact:
Director of Christian Education
Phone
Email
Follow us on social media
Send a message

Got more questions? Write us a note and we'll get back to you.









